I'll send you off to do your
first exercise unassisted.
And in this particular exercise,
all I want you to do is in the fetch from
inventory action, I want you to
dispatch a call to the next action.
And for this, we're going to be using and
moving into another folder.
Again, we're using submodules here.
But I'll show you how exactly to navigate.
So it's called vuex-compose-actions.
So if I'm in my front-end
masters main code,
I can sort of CD into
that specific directory.
And you should be starting
from step zero and
step zero will give you
just a very clean sense of,
you'll see your store and
you'll see actions to actions.
And you'll see some
comments as well with some
helpers as to how exactly
to write your code.